hey guys nacho here and I have my
tournament battle for round two the mono
color tournament against cloud nine
cloud nine and he's brown I am green and
brown original I was originally afraid
to this matchup a lot because Brown
really counters green well um so
hopefully I'll be able to outplay him
and win so he leaves with Heatran I do
with Tyranitar I'm kind of thinking
he'll either tone or set up stealth
rocks I decided just to set up just go
for the earthquake he ends up having to
shuck a berry which kind of sucks
because I'm not able to kill him but
then he just explodes and I resist that
but it still does a lot of damage it's
still pretty good for me though because
his his lead is dead and I have a half
health Tyranitar so it's not quite a bad
start so he's gonna go out into his
pincer now and I'm thinking either X's
or a close-combat so either way I can go
into en mega without too much trouble he
goes through the x-scissor and that
doesn't do much to Yen mega and that's
pretty nice for me I'm just gonna go for
the protect just in case he decides to
attack so I can get the speed boost and
the speed boost will help me a lot so he
goes into star Raptor and gets the
intimidate and that the inmate doesn't
mean anything actually but I'm kind of
afraid of a brave bird I decided to go
for the protect again to see what he do
because I don't see leftovers so I'm
thinking he's probably banded because
most don't Raptors seem to be banned
idiot abandon her me sometimes scarfed
but he goes for the brave bird I see and
I'm just gonna go for the hypnosis
because I really don't have anything I
can take a banded brave bird all too
well and I just decided to go for the
hypnosis I end up putting it to sleep
which was really good for me and now
that this thing's asleep it can't harass
my team anymore so I'm just gonna go for
the air slash trying to do damage to
this star Raptor before it wakes up so
he decides to actually switch he goes
out into Dragonite and drag iron has
pretty good special defense so he's not
going to be taking too much more than
the air slash but still takes a nice
chunk thanks to yet Megas good special
attack not to mention the stab and
that's pretty nice and yeah I decided to
switch no I don't I go for the no he
goes for the extreme speed sorry I
decided to stay in and if she history
doesn't do a whole lot to me
surprisingly but I just go for the air
slash and that's going to be one more
like one more turn that's going to be
well one more air slasher should be dead
but instead I go for the protect I don't
really want to get hit with another
extremely speed so I go forth to protect
basically for sandstorm stalling and I'm
doing that just so hopefully his Dragon
Knight will died at the sandstorm
eventually so now I decide to switch I
switch here because I don't want to hit
get hit with another extreme speed so I
go on to bronzong and yeah he goes
extreme speed that will be resisted by
bronzong and won't do much and one more
sandstorm hit that Dragon Knight is dead
so I decide just to set up stealth rocks
because from what I see of his team he's
really stealth rock weak so if I can set
up stealth rocks it will help me a lot
in the long run so I get the rock set up
and his dragon is going to die of the
sandstorm so that's not so bad for me so
is dragon it goes down and bronzong
still looking pretty nice and he goes
out into Infernape and I knew we'd
probably have it because Infernape
counters green really well and I just
kind of want to see what kind of
inferences is if it's scarfed or you
know whatever he goes with the fire
blasts expectedly and killed my bronzong
and i see the life form so now I know he
can change moves but he isn't going to
be faster than a lot of my Pokemon so I
go on to Yen makeup because I know this
isn't scarf I can go for the protect and
then be faster than at next turn he goes
for the hidden power probably ice I
don't know but it doesn't really matter
because now I have this bead boost and
that means I'm faster and I can try go
for the air slash which is super
effective so ago that enter star Raptor
here and I go for the air slash and get
a crit but it's kind of meaningless
because it's going to be a to a KO
anyway so that crit kind of didn't
matter but I end up begging to start
Raptor down which is kind of nice and
now he goes out into Mamoswine and
looking at my team I only have one
counter in my team left for Mamoswine
and that is my poly toad so he goes out
into it and I don't want to get I
sharted so I go out into pollito to
resist and he gets a crit with ice shard
now normally you would think okay I
resisted crit still doesn't do a lot of
damage
however this crate really did matter
because we did the damage calculation
after the game and he's gonna go
earthquake here and if it wasn't for
that ice shard crit
I would have survived and been able to
serve his Mamoswine or I had a good
chance to survive
rather so that crit really really hurt
and now looking at my team I don't have
any counters with this Mamoswine the
only things I really had was bronzong
and politoed and they're both gone so I
go on that Tyranitar just hoping out
speed because this is Jolly max speed
Tyranitar but um his Mamoswine is also
jolly so that's irrelevant and that
sucks for me so I go on to Breloom
because I'm jolly on this guy - he
switches I guess not wanting to risk not
killing me with ice shard so I just go
for the spore and I put his Infernape to
sleep so that's not so bad
and I'm just gonna try to go for the sub
on his switch it's really the best thing
I can do at the moment I probably could
have just focused punched on the switch
but I don't know so you go down the
pincer and I'm just going to go for the
sub and that's kind of good for me
because yeah subs are cool and I'm just
going to go for the focus punch hoping
to well expecting to kill all the pincer
I mean I know it's resisted but free
loom is pretty darn powerful and pincer
doesn't have much in the way of
Defense's and I go for the focus punch
and that will take down the pincer oh no
sorry it doesn't take down the pincer
what am I talking about it survives with
red health and it seems like another one
or two sandstorm hits will kill it I go
on the yen mega expecting another X is
er but he does go for it and crits me
doesn't really matter because apparently
he has quick attack and he's gonna get a
quick attack on my Flygon but it doesn't
really matter because I sure it would
kill me anyway so yeah I go on the fly
gun I'm just gonna go for the outrage at
this point I know I'm pretty much
screwed because all I have left is
Flygon in brie lumen he has a nice
sharding Mamoswine with life orb so it's
pretty much good game because he's gonna
go out into his mamo now go for the ice
shard against my Flygon obviously that
will ko at X for effective and my brie
room isn't going to be able to survive
one either I really would have liked to
see what have happened if he didn't get
the crit on the ice shard
against politoed but sometimes this
happens it's part of the game so good
game cloud 9 cloud 9 really fun battle a
good tournament battle I really enjoyed
it so good luck in round 3 I am out of
my own tournament guys
but I will still be hosting the
tournament for you um and I just had a
lot of fun so write comments subscribe
guys see ya check out his channel as
well he's a very good battler alright
guys today's question of the day is what
is your favorite Pokemon nickname as for
me I think my favorite pick my nickname
is quite obvious its Dustbuster yeah
that's the best name for effort